close out 116 congress (#199)
datamade/committee-oversight: README.md

    cd committee-oversight
    ```

> 2. DataMade employees can download the most recent copy of the scraped committee hearings `hearings.dump` from datamade-postgresql-backups/hearings in S3. Otherwise you'll need to run the scrapers in https://github.com/datamade/hearings/ to create you own hearings database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. DataMade employees can download the most recent copy of the scraped committee hearings `hearings.dump` from `datamade-postgresql-backups/hearings` bucket in S3. Otherwise you'll need to run [the hearings scraper]( https://github.com/datamade/hearings/) to populate your application database with the latest committee hearings. **Subsequent steps will not work until you add initial hearings data to your database.**
```

> 3. To load `hearings.dump` into your database, run:

Reviewer: Can you add something like this?

> If you ran the hearings scraper in Step 2, you can skip this step.
